# Create a fake Curriculum Vitae

## Context and objectives

[faker](https://github.com/marak/Faker.js/) is a package that allows you to create large volumes of fake data in your programs.

When you create applications that are linked with human interaction, you will need to test some functionalities and tools you developed.
Creating a large base of fake and random data easily allows programmers to not care about the question: "Which data am I going to use in order to test my application?".

## Specs

Create a Curriculum Vitae (CV) populated by values from the `faker` package.
First, read **[faker's documentation](https://github.com/marak/Faker.js/#api-methods)** to learn how to use it.

### Files

We can divide a simple _CV_ into 3 parts :

- Identity information
- Motivation
- Current job

First, create the mandatory files in the `src/fakeCv/` directory:

- `identity.js`: it must export the `identity` function.
- `motivation.js`: it must export the `motivation` function.
- `currentJob.js`: it must export the `currentJob` function.
- `index.js`: in the end, it must import the three other files and export a single function.

Look at the `src/index.js` file. What we want to do is:

```js
const fakeCv = require("./fakeCv");
```

What we don't want to do is:

```js
const { fakeCv } = require("./fakeCv");
```

---

For _Identity_, _Motivation_ and _Current Job_, most of the keys you're asked to implement correspond to a `faker` function (except `motivation.description` and `identity.email`).
It's the time to use `cmd + f` in your browser to find them in the documentation 😉.

Each section will be generated by a function which has to return an object with the following fields:

### Identity

- firstName
- lastName
- city
- phoneNumber
- email
  - The email address will have the following format: "firstName.lastName@fake.local". **This should not come from `faker`**, you have to compute it yourself.
- avatar
  - The url containing the avatar's image.

### Motivation

- catchPhrase
- description
  - A "_Lorem Ipsum_" is a series of words without general meaning usually used for tests and mock-ups.
  - Here, the goal is to fill this field with a **single paragraph** of Lorem Ipsum (spoiler, there's a faker function for that 😉).

### Current job

- companyName
- jobDescriptor
- jobTitle

### Fake Cv

Finally, you must create a function in `src/fakeCv/index.js` which has to aggregate all those previous functions and compute the final CV before returning it.

The CV should have the following keys:

- identity
- currentJob
- motivation

Be sure to export all functions and to return the corresponding objects.
Note that **all** fields must be strings.

In the end, when using `yarn start`, you should get something like this:

```js
{
  identity: {
    firstName: 'Benny',
    lastName: 'Hirthe',
    city: 'South Kaleyborough',
    phoneNumber: '1-633-691-2966 x8260',
    email: 'Benny.Hirthe@fake.local',
    avatar: 'https://s3.amazonaws.com/uifaces/faces/twitter/abdots/128.jpg'
  },
  motivation: {
    catchPhrase: 'Profound reciprocal website',
    description: 'Eaque laboriosam sit aliquam eius eveniet voluptates. Voluptatem cumque et veniam laboriosam. Suscipit est veritatis corporis adipisci aut quod eum. Qui voluptas suscipit perferendis. Eligendi voluptates illo officia.'
  },
  currentJob: {
    companyName: 'Waters - McClure',
    jobDescriptor: 'Principal',
    jobTitle: 'Corporate Interactions Liaison'
  }
}
```

## Test

As usual, use `yarn test` to test your code and you can do it manually with `yarn start`.
